Update selinux.md to add a note on a possible required reboot for CentOS/RHEL systems (#232)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/security/selinux.md

[container-selinux](https://github.com/containers/container-selinux) policy for containerd. It accounts
for the non-standard location(s) which containerd is installed and places persistent and ephemeral state.

> Note: A Linux server reboot might be required after installing the rke2-selinux rpm package and before starting the rke2 installation on CentOS/RHEL distributions.

Reviewer: People are going to ask what "might be required" means... how about this:

```suggestion
Note: In some circumstances, a reboot of the node may be required after installing the rke2-selinux package and before starting the rke2 service. If you encounter denials in your selinux audit log despite installation of the rke2-selinux and container-selinux packages, please reboot the node.
```
